feat(pipes-targets): add lambda function (#30271)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-pipes-targets-alpha/README.md

    target: pipeTarget
});
```

### AWS Lambda Function

> A Lambda Function can be used as a target for a pipe. The Lambda Function will be invoked with the (enriched/filtered) source payload.

Reviewer: Can you explain what you meant by `(enriched/filtered) source payload`?

Author: I meant the enrichment step of the pipe. I removed the word filtered as its wrong. Thanks for the find

```ts
declare const sourceQueue: sqs.Queue;
declare const targetFunction: lambda.IFunction;

const pipeTarget = new targets.LambdaFunction(targetFunction,{});

const pipe = new pipes.Pipe(this, 'Pipe', {
    source: new SomeSource(sourceQueue),
    target: pipeTarget
});
```

> Specifying the Invocation Type when the target Lambda Function is invoked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target Lambda Function is invoked synchronously by default. You can also choose to  invoke the Lambda Function asynchronously by setting `invocationType` property to `FIRE_AND_FORGET`.
```

Author: adjusted that, thanks for the suggestion
